# Team 9 - 02/07/21

- Goal - Finish the CI/CD Pipeline assignment for Canvas
- Members Present: Alex, Asher, Eswar, Lucy, Trevor, Yuriy
- Members Absent: Gary, Dat
- Meeting Logistics
  - Start: 4:00 PM
  - End: 6:00 PM
- Agenda
  - Unresolved Topics from Past Meeting: None
  - Discussed CI/CD Pipeline Requirements
    - Added a basic linter
    - All created issues will automatically have an associated branch for that issue.
    - We will add more complex operations in the future as the class requires us to
  - Trevor created a video walkthrough of the basic pipeline operations located on the team wiki
- Unresolved Topics
- Future Agenda
  - Discuss plans moving forward
  - Discuss HTML/CSS deadlines and member roles
